The holidays are my favorite time of year. As my home fills with the joy and laughter of my six children and four grandchildren, I'm reminded of how lucky I am to have the most wonderful job in the world - being a mother and grandmother. It's the single most important thing I've done with my life, and I know just how important the job is because I am constantly reminded of what an influence my own mother was in my life. My mother Mieke survived three and a half horrific years in a Japanese concentration camp during World War II. During that time, she focused all of her energy on caring for fellow prisoners who were far worse off than she was.

When I think of my mother, I think of the selfless love she had not only for my family, but for complete strangers as well. She's with me every day as I challenge myself to live my life in the same way. I am so blessed to have a wonderful family and career that I love, and I see my mother in all of those things. I see her every day in the faces of my children and grandchildren. I am reminded of her each time a single white feather floats through the air - whether on good days or bad days - and I have to smile knowing that she is always with me. Her love is reflected in my work as an actor, artist and philanthropist. Without her example, I wouldn't be who I am today and while I miss her endlessly during the holidays, I know that if I live my life the way she did, I will make the same impact on my family and that is truly a gift.led unemployable, the idea that you'd have to pay someone to say nice things about you doesn't seem so far-fetched.

Second, while young people as a group tend not to have much money sloshing around, their parents and grandparents are supposedly doing OK. People wanting what's best for their kids leads easily to the coughing-up of cash.

Third, when it comes to looking for a job, young people are so used to mounting hindrances that you can stick on another like an extra bottle on a drunk's bar tab. Legend has it that people used to get a job by seeing one they wanted, and applying; then came the time when they needed qualifications to get the same job; then they needed better qualifications; then they would have to do an unpaid internship; then to prove it wasn't all a fluke they'd have to get qualifications and do an internship.

Now,  Civitatis would have you believe that if you attend its summer school you "will gain the advantage over others for internship (sic)". So, 300 for a reference? Stick it on the bill.

But the damage caused by charging for references isn't limited to the spineless gouging of money from naive young people trying to get their first job. A reference is immediately invalid once money changes hands. The value of a reference lies in the assumption that it's an honest comment on a person's job performance or character. The price tag Mortier has attached isn't, as he claims, a "fair administrative fee". It's enough to make a pocket bulge, and certainly enough to be considered a bribe: no one pays? 300 to be damned with faint praise. Anyone reading a reference signed by Mortier knows he's been paid hundreds for whatever he's written, so it will ring hollow.

Getting a job with worthless education and months-long application processes is already hard enough. If this idea catches on, references as a measure of a potential candidate will be as devalued as our degrees.ed up the deployment of the European Phased Adaptive Approach -- a missile defense plan to deploy missile defense assets in Europe to protect against the regional Iranian threats.

Between the failure of the infamous "Iran deal" to curb Iranian missile development and Russia's continued aggression in the region, this makes perfect sense and is good policy.

In a recent trip to Eastern Europe, the Chairman of the House Strategic Forces Subcommittee, Congressman Mike Rogers, R-Ala , stated that the interceptors in Europe could be made to defend against some Russian threats.

As one can imagine, this didn't thrill the Russians--but short of American decline, what 