Tom Frieden, M.D , just returned from West Africa. These photos highlight the work done by the International Infection Control Team.

I have just returned from West Africa, on a visit to Sierre Leone, Guinea and Liberia, where more than 170 of CDC's top staff are focused on stopping the current Ebola epidemic and leaving behind stronger public health systems that will be better able to prevent the next epidemic and protect the people of West Africa, the United States, and the world.

Today I'm posting the first of an occasional series highlighting our work. These photos are from our International Infection Control Team and their work in N'Zerekore and Macenta, Guinea. They're supporting infection control improvements in health facilities by providing infection control and prevention training to front line health care workers.

To date, Guinea has had over 2,557 confirmed Ebola cases, 135 of which have been among health care workers.

The initial training is planned to reach the nearly 2,000 health care workers in three of Guinea's prefectures with the highest rates of Ebola -- N'Zerekore, Macenta, and Kerouane -- before expanding to other parts of the country.

Every day, CDC staff members and their colleagues across West Africa are hearing, "Thank you for helping us protect ourselves and not be afraid."

CDC staff will be in West Africa continuing to fight the Ebola epidemic until the last spark is extinguished. The vulnerability of any country is our vulnerability as well.

Tom Frieden, M.D  is the director of the U.S  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Follow him on Twitter@DrFriedenCDC. To like the CDC on Facebook, click here. time as adhering to official teaching. And it simply won't wash. The church has been peddling a nonsense on contraception for almost 50 years. The vast majority of us church - going, "faithful" Catholics have voted with our gonads and ignored it, and at some point (soon, please!) Rome is going to have to admit it has been wrong, and that the "contraceptive culture" is not about a lack of respect for human life, it's quite simply about a sensible realisation that most couples can raise two, three or four children better, in every way, than they can raise 10, 11 or 12.

But aha, the pope would say, here I am being a cultural colonialist, seeking to impose my first-world notions on those of a developing community that has a very different perspective. Well, actually, no I'm not, because Catholic clerics can look anywhere on the planet and what they will see is that with economic improvements and women's rights comes a reduction in family size. When people have choice, this is the choice they tend to make. Those who aren't making it are those who aren't empowered, not those with a different worldview.

What we are witnessing in this papacy is a church that realises how far out of step it is with modern thinking, and is increasingly keen on getting into line. At the moment it's beginning to talk the talk, but the footwork is still failing, mostly because a bit of honesty and a few U-turns are required, and most cardinals and bishops aren't yet ready for that. The question is, when will they be ready? Because my fear is that if they leave it too long they'll have left it too late. The churches might still be full today, but will they be full tomorrow? Even if I am prepared to hang on in there, albeit by my fingertips, I don't know if the same can be said for my children. Your instincts are right, Pope Francis. Now,  though, we need some action.Oscar nods) indicate a creeping Islamophobia? Or simply how out of touch liberal Hollywood is with mainstream American taste? People have protested that the Iraqi soldiers are treated like chess pieces, mere ciphers, cannon fodder. This is true. But it is not limited to the film's baddies. Clint has also attracted criticism for cutting corners and using fake babies rather than troublesome real ones, resulting in some conspicuously plastic offspring for Bradley Cooper and Sienna Miller. This is just what film directors do. For them, ev