I have a very distinct memory from my first day of college: My family's minivan slowly pulling into my dormitory's parking lot, through a crowd of first-year students flanked by helicopter parents and, in retrospect, probably hungover orientation week advisers. I remember thinking "Hurry up! I'm ready to start my real life."

I had no idea what I was really rushing towards.

As the only daughter of Nigerian immigrants with a tenuous-at-best toehold on the middle class, college was billed as the only path to financial security. "No one can ever take away your education," my father would say repeatedly. While that may be true, two degrees later someone could take away my access to decent housing because of my shit credit, thanks to the nearly $60,000 in student loans I've essentially defaulted on since graduating from the University of Chicago and Northwestern University.

It seems a college education is part of the American dream that's easy to buy (or borrow) into, but hard to pay off.

With tuition soaring, and the middle class shrinking along with their incomes, many students and their families are left holding incredibly expensive bags. In 2013, 69% of graduating seniors at public and private nonprofit colleges took out student loans to pay for college, and "about one-fifth of new graduates' debt was in private loans," according to the Project on Student Debt. Even public schools - long considered a more affordable option - are less accessible: public colleges increasingly rely on tuition dollars as state funding continues to fall (25% and 23%, respectively, in 2012, compared to 17% and 23% in 2003). The country's cumulative student loan debt ($1.1tn) has surpassed car loans ($875bn) and credit card debt ($659bn). Though college graduates make more than their peers who only graduated from high school, for many, monthly student loans leach into that extra $17,500 in salary.

Yet the party line that college education is the middle class' only hope for upward mobility persists - it will even be the message of President Obama's last stop on his "SOTU Spoiler" tour in Knoxville, Tennessee.

"In today's economy," Dan Pfeiffer, the president's senior advisor, wrote on Medium, "access to a college education is the surest ticket to the middle class -- and the President's proposals will help more young people punch that ticket."

As someone who punched that ticket twice, I'm still waiting for my express bus to the middle class. The modest income I make as an entrepreneur with a day job is whittled away each month thanks to loan payments (plus interest) to various financial intuitions that feel more like bounty hunters than supporters of middle-class aspirants.

With that $60,000 in student loans hanging over me, I'm still waiting to start the "real" life I'd always imagined for myself. It's just that now I want one with its possibilities a little less hampered by student debt.ely that the same audience digging Ed's mellow vibe are demanding that equivalent female artists appear scantily clad, hellbent on fellating the microphone. Do we truly believe that people sit at home saying: "Well, I'm not listening to this  - she's got all her clothes on and hasn't once pretended to orgasm,"?

In short, does it occur to anyone that Sheeran's banality, the very fact that he's permitted to be so banal, is a profoundly chauvinist fact in itself? Will we ever see a day when women would be rewarded for being as unsexy as Ed? What about all the Eds he's inspiring, who are waiting in the wings - will it ever end? Ed Sheeran might be the nicest guy in the world, but it's time that "Ed Sheeran", the effect and the pox, was identified and stopped.

Without meaning to be alarmist, I fear that there may be a royal clothes shortage. Kate, duchess of Cambridge, has always been congratulated for wearing (and re-wearing) high-street fashion. Since becoming pregnant, she's won yet more plaudits for wearing non-maternity items.

The whole thing has become overdone to the point where one could become seriously concerned that the duche