If there' s one thing this administration is really good at -- its messaging  -- specifically to millennials in 2008 and 2012.

Yes. Any political candidate thinking about becoming president in 2016 will need to figure out how to take advantage of all internet and social media avenues to maximize their exposure in every place possible. Is going to YouTube stars after something as important as the State of the Union the right move? I don' t think it would have been that big of a deal -- if  -- he had also mixed in a few more serious interviews along with it. We live in serious times.

We can't just turn a blind eye and take a selfie and pretend everything is a-ok. Especially when there will apparently not be any photo of the president with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu when he comes to dc in early march.

Having said that -- hats off to Bethany Mota, Hank Green and Glozell green for using their smarts to come up with YouTube videos that have attracted millions of hits. And now --- taking an interest in politics! As Bethany readily admitted ... "before I came here to do this interview for YouTube, I never really followed politics that much." can we hope now more people will be more politically informed?

Gretchen Carlson currently serves as anchor of FOX News Channel's (FNC) The Real Story with Gretchen Carlson (weekdays 2-3PM/ET). She joined the network in June of 2005. Click here for more information on Gretchen Carlson.es more resilient. International rescue funds and the European Central Bank stand ready to help in case panic should nevertheless spread. Five out of Germany's eight leading economic research institutes think the eurozone could now cope with a Greek exit.

This does not mean, however, that Germany or the other eurozone countries want Greece to leave. Even if contagion was limited, another worsening of the eurozone crisis would undermine confidence, stunt the region's fragile recovery and make Europe's leaders  - many of whom have declared the crisis over - look inept. The political and economic consequences for other European countries would be severe.

Therefore, even if the rest of Europe does not want to be blackmailed, it will likely be ready to talk. The new Greek government, whether it is led by the incumbent premier Antonis Samaras, Tsipras, or a new coalition, could reasonably demand a new grand bargain under which the ECB-IMF-EC troika of lenders agrees to revisit the debt issue while the Greek government promises to make the economy fit for the future.

Economic reform, however, is hardly what Greek politicians are talking about in this election campaign. Greek voters face the unenviable choice between re - electing the mainstream politicians who landed Greece in its current mess in the first place, or voting for Tsipras or other populists who make unrealistic promises of higher wages and more security. The trouble is not that Tsipras is radical; it is that he is not radical enough. By promising state handouts to voters and protection for vested interests, he is perpetuating the dysfunctional system that plunged Greece into crisis.

Over the past few years, the ruling coalition between the two established parties has tried a tricky balancing act of preserving the system of bureaucratic cronyism that since the 1970s they have helped to build, and modernising Greece's state and economy, as promised to international lenders. The result was an often agonisingly slow process of to and fro, with troika officials regularly departing in frustration about Greek foot-dragging.

It is not only the troika's emphasis on austerity that has caused the Greek people so much pain. As important was that huge adjustments were foisted upon an extraordinarily rigid economy. Despite much effort to open up mollycoddled sectors since 2010, Greece is still one of Europe's most overregulated economies. Sluggish bureaucracies and exaggerated form-filling are the main reason Greece's exports have not rebounded like those of Spain, Portugal and Ireland. The absence of a reliable land registry is