Those who don't vote don't get. The young vote least and they get least, so the old voters are showered with blessings by the Cameron government. New research from the House of Commons library shows women are voting less and less: 9.1 million women failed to vote last time and at each election the gap between women and men voters has grown wider. In 2010, 1.1 million fewer women than men voted - so is it any surprise Cameron and Osborne let them pay the heaviest price in the great austerity?

Polls show women are more likely to vote Labour than men, for good reason. Just about all progress for women has come from Labour governments - from abortion and divorce law reform, to equal rights and equal pay laws. The Blair-Brown years brought free nursery schools for three - and four-year-olds, 3,500 Sure Start children's centres, better-paid longer maternity leave, child tax credits, childcare credits, flexible working and a lot more. Labour's all - woman shortlists produced many more female MPs than the other parties: Miliband promises a 50% female cabinet.

Over the past five years, Harriet Harman, Gloria de Piero, Fiona Mactaggart and others have been leading women's meetings all round the country - largely unnoticed by the press, listening to the growing pressure on mothers and grandmothers. As childcare costs shoot out of reach, more grandmothers have cut their working hours to help daughters take jobs, yet their retirement age is rising to 67 and they still need to work. Many still have aged parents needing care at the same time. Mactaggart is shortly producing a manifesto from her Commission on Older Women.

The government boasts that two-thirds of those who have gained most from raising the personal tax threshold are women. But they don't explain why: women are still clustered in the lowest paying jobs. Nor do they admit that low-paid women have lost far more through benefit cuts than they have gained in tax cuts.

As the parties slug it out for the women's vote, Tories and Liberal Democrats will struggle to convince. Harman is constructing an entire women's campaign, wrapped within Labour's platform, not as an afterthought but based on the historic difference in how the parties treat female citizens. "Women hold the balance of power," Harman says - and she's right: the result may depend on Labour's success in rousing up the missing millions of female voters.urity world, we are losing the race against ransomware.  
"The scale and sophistication of this global crime is rare, if not unprecedented," Prof Ciaran Martin, founder of the National Cyber Security Centre, told Radio 4's Today programme.
Most of REvil's members are believed to be based in Russia or countries that were formerly part of the Soviet Union.
Prof Martin criticised Russia for providing a safe environment for ransomware hackers, but said that the West was making it too easy for these gangs to be paid and "unsurprisingly they are coming back for more".
Experts have expressed surprise at the group's demand that the ransom should be paid in Bitcoin, as opposed to harder-to-trace cryptocurrencies such as Monero.
On Twitter, Prof Martin called REvil's decision to demand payment in Bitcoin, "weird".
Yes. Weird. Original demands to individual orgs in monero; over-arching demand for masterkey is in Bitcoin
Earlier this month the US Justice Department announced it had traced and seized millions of dollars worth of bitcoin paid to the DarkSide ransomware group, responsible for shutting down the Colonial Oil Pipeline.
"Following the money remains one of the most basic, yet powerful tools we have", said Deputy Attorney General Lisa O. Monaco.
Tom Robinson, founder and chief scientist of the firm Elliptic, which analyses bitcoin payments, told the BBC it had observed REvil continuing to negotiate with individual customers for smaller ransoms of about $200,000, despite the $70m request to unlock everything. 
He said REvil preferred to use Monero, but it would be difficult to purchase $70m of the currency for practical and regulatory reasons.

unres