Meal-preppers warned to watch out for phishing attacks

Home Chef has revealed details of a data breach after the personal information of eight million of its customers apparently turned up in a darknet marketplace.
In a security alert published yesterday (May 20), the US meal delivery service said stolen information included email addresses, names and phone numbers, encrypted passwords, and the final four digits of credit card numbers.
“Other account information such as frequency of deliveries and mailing address may also have been compromised,” the company said.
“We are taking action to investigate this situation and to strengthen our information security defenses to prevent similar incidents from happening in the future.”
Read more of the latest data breach news
It has been widely reported that Home Chef customer records were among a trove of data that was pilfered from 11 companies and recently discovered for sale on the dark web.
The Chicago-based company said that not all customers were affected by the incident, and that it was notifying impacted customers via email.
Customers have been advised to update passwords, “remain vigilant against phishing attacks and monitor your accounts for any suspicious activity”.
Home Chef says it delivered more than 10 million meals across the US last year – figures likely to be eclipsed in 2020 with stay-at-home orders in place across much of the country for several weeks due to Covid-19.
The cybercrime group believed to be behind the breach, Shiny Hunters, has also been linked to the theft of millions of user records from Indian education platform Unacademy and 500 GB of data from software development platform GitHub.
INSIGHT Web application attacks rise to account for almost half of all data breaches


Adam Bannister



@Ad_Nauseum74 

Burp Suite
Vulnerabilities
Customers
Company
Insights
© 2021 PortSwigger Ltd.
a mutual desire for that conflict to end with a political solution. Such a solution will save Iran from the huge financial costs of subsidising the Syrian military and end a conflict that the US has been hesitant to engage in since its onset in the summer of 2011.

Al Jazeera's correspondent in Iraq, Imran Khan, in an article in November raised the question: Are the US and Iran on the same side in Iraq? The answer to this question is not only a "yes" in Iraq, but could also be a "yes" in terms of the long-term stability of Syria and Afghanistan. It is domestic politics in both the US and Iran that prevent any official from saying this publicly. to target Iraq. The US, despite its tensions with Iran during the hostage crisis, did not want to see Iraq develop a nuclear capability that could threaten its ally Israel during the 1980s.

Israel successfully followed up the attack against Iraq's nuclear facility in 1981, and the US-led air strikes during the 1991 Gulf war were designed to destroy this nuclear infrastructure again, which had been rebuilt despite the Israeli air raid. Thus the air raid Iran conducted against ISIL was not the first time both Washington and the Islamic Republic might have both wished for a successful sortie of Iranian F-4 pilots.

Despite this common interest during the Iran-Iraq War, the US titled towards Iraq and directly engaged Iranian naval forces in the Gulf to protect Kuwaiti oil vessels, downing an Iranian civilian aircraft in the process. Iran fought a proxy war against US forces in Iraq following the 2003 Iraq war by supporting Iraqi militias during the insurgency.

Both the US and Iran will continue to clash over their respective relationships with Israel. Yet despite these differences both the US and Iran cooperated with each other to remove the Taliban in Afghanistan in 2001. The joint cause against the Taliban in 2001, or ISIL in 2014, demonstrates that despite the decades-long mistrust and proxy conflicts between the two sides, geographical realpolitik can force both states to engage in alliances of convenience.

In an AP interview, the new US ambassador in Baghdad, Stuart Jones said