As an Arab and Muslim political cartoonist living and working in the Middle East, the fear of upsetting the "wrong people" is part of daily life.

My politically charged images rose to prominence during the early stages of the Arab Spring protests in 2011. Like so many young people in the Middle East, I found an outlet on social media. I was quickly labelled "an artist of the revolution".

Today, my work is shared around the world. In my native Sudan, as well as in Yemen and Tunisia, my cartoons are used by revolutionary groups and by political activists.

This is my passion. I don't make a living off these political cartoons. In fact,  I encourage people to copy and share them. It is an honour, but it does not come without dangers.

It's no easy feat to come up with a cartoon that can pass all levels of censorship - starting with self-censorship then government-imposed "coronership", which in many countries in this region, is actually somebody's job - to pick apart and find potentially offensive meanings.

That's why I understand why the West is fighting so hard to keep that freedom of speech as free as it should be. In the wake of the deplorable attack on the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo, I wholeheartedly join the rest of the world in condemning the actions of those three young men.

I condemn the attacks on the cartoonists even though I don't agree with the publication's editorial slant, which I have often found to be hurtful and racist. Nevertheless,  I would continue to stand for their freedom of speech.

I believe that the assailants' religion or ideology is irrelevant; I believe they were simply looking to wage an attack; they would have attacked something else if they didn't attack Charlie Hebdo.

Muslims seem to lose either way. They are constantly asked to apologise for crimes they neither committed, nor supported. They, too, are victims of the violence of extremists. Still,  they are asked to apologise and somehow atone for these crimes that were committed in the name of their religion. Then they must face the wrath of extremists who attack them for refusing to approve of the methods they view as the only way to defend Islam.

This situation is a perpetuation of what's happening in the Middle East right now - it's far more complex than the cartoon business. For us to help, to play a constructive role, we should desist from pointing the finger at others, and we must examine what motivates these young people to turn to violence and extremism.

Freedom of speech is a powerful weapon and one I have never fully had - but for those who do have it, I wish they would stop taking it for granted.

Instead,  they ought to ask the right questions - the questions that need to be asked - rather than accusatory ones that fuel the stereotypes that have originated in mainstream media.

Their work must focus on conveying the right message. They must work towards bridging the gap - and not widening it.iths today will be restrained by the fear that they will end up as dead as satirists who try to do the same with anti-clerical humour.

My friend and comrade Maajid Nawaz was a jihadi before he converted to liberalism and understands the totalitarian mind. He says that people still do not realise that radical Islamists do not just want to impose their taboos at gunpoint. They want to "create a civil war" so that European Muslims accept that they can only live in the caliphate; to encourage the rise of the white far-right so that ordinary coexistence becomes impossible. If they win one demand, as they are winning in Britain, then they will up the tension and move to another.

As soon as you look at demands rather than labels, the wall dividing extremists from the rest begins to crumble. Saudi Arabia is Britain's trusted partner and ally. It receives vast quantities of armaments and in turn pumps propaganda into British mosques and universities. As Paris looked like a war zone, it flogged the Saudi liberal Raif Badawi for insulting Islam. At least they did not kill him, you might say. But if the