Users of the JS framework need to patch now

A vulnerability in Node.js that could allow a remote actor to perform domain hijacking attacks has been fixed.
The maintainers of the JavaScript runtime environment have released a security advisory today (August 12) warning users to update to the latest version to protect against a series of bugs.
The first vulnerability (CVE-2021-3672/CVE-2021-2293) is an improper handling of untypical characters in domain names, which opened the door to remote code execution (RCE), or cross-site scripting (XSS) exploits.
The flaw, which was classed as high severity, also caused application crashes due to missing input validation of hostnames returned by Domain Name Servers in the Node.js DNS library.
This could lead to the output of wrong hostnames – causing domain hijacking – and injection vulnerabilities in applications using the library.

Read more of the latest security vulnerability news
A second vulnerability (CVE-2021-22939) is the incomplete validation of rejectUnauthorized parameter.
If the Node.js HTTPS API was used incorrectly and undefined was in passed for the rejectUnauthorized parameter, no error was returned and connections to servers with an expired certificate would have been accepted. It was classed as low severity.

READ Popular Node.js package vulnerable to command injection attacks
Finally, a use-after-free flaw (CVE-2021-22930) which could allow an attacker to exploit memory corruption to change process behavior was included as a follow-up fix after previous mitigations did not completely resolve the issue.
All users should upgrade to the latest version of Node.js to be protected against the flaws. More information can be found at the Node.js blog.


The security advisory was released on the same day that a research paper (PDF) related to this topic was published.
Researchers Philipp Jeitner and Haya Shulman are due to discuss their work at the Usenix conference, which is held virtually today.
In the research, titled ‘Injection Attacks Reloaded: Tunnelling Malicious Payloads over DNS’, they demonstrate “a new method to launch string injection attacks by encoding malicious payloads into DNS records”.
RELATED Potential remote code execution vulnerability uncovered in Node.js apps



Jessica Haworth



@JesscaHaworth 

Burp Suite
Vulnerabilities
Customers
Company
Insights
© 2021 PortSwigger Ltd.
ces. One Christmas when they were playing chess, my friend took the baby Jesus from the small creche under the Christmas tree to replace one of his lost pieces. My friend then began to move all over the board, going after his brother's pieces.

"You can't do that," his brother said, "that's illegal."

"Oh, yes I can," my friend said. "This is Jesus and he can do whatever he wants to do."

Jesus does as he pleases and he does it right well. At Christmas he decided to love and, then, clean up the mess later.

So I think I'll opt out of the war. The King was doing fine before I came along and will do fine long after I'm gone. He doesn't need my defense.

So, Merry Christmas or...uh .... Happy Holidays.

Whatever.iew.It's all too clear that America and the world have no hope of stopping these never-ending barbaric acts until a Reagan-like figure steps up. A leader who will honestly and courageously define such terrorism as it really is: An Islamist's interpretation of the Koran.That's the definition recently used by President el-Sisi of Egypt, a man of far greater honesty and courage than America's current counterpart.Only with an American leader of Reagan-like strength will we be able to develop a plan and the determination to defeat the dark ideology of Islamism, just like Reagan managed to defeat the Soviet Union and its evil ideology.Dr  Michael Youssef is the founding pastor of the Church of the Apostles in Atlanta, Georgia and the author of over 30 books, including his most recent, Jesus, Jihad &amp; Peace: What Does Bible Prophecy Say About World Events Today? (Feb  17, 2015, Worthy Publishers). Find him online at ww