In the morning of my short reign, every school kid in the country would get on a bus and travel to their nearest castle, abbey or museum, or anywhere you can see the past. There they would rush around madly, imagining themselves to be bunking off, but not realising how much history, science and art they would quietly be soaking up.

By lunchtime they'd be a bit confused about what's up or down, or good or bad. They'd learn that it wasn't as much fun as it seems to work as a servant at Downton Abbey, and conversely that life in a grim Victorian factory could be better than life as a Georgian farm worker. They would discover that Britons may have refused to be slaves, but still owned an awful lot of them. They would find out that in a medieval community you would walk everywhere, eat local, seasonal food from the farmers' market, and wake with the sun. Sounds idyllic, but you really wouldn't want to be the only gay person in that village.

Later on, the parents would arrive. They would be sketching the ceiling, photographing the gardens, caressing swords and mousetraps and silks, stretching their legs, refreshing their brains. They may arrive believing that marriage begins with love, progresses to children and ends up with negotiations about property when the parties divorce. They might leave knowing marriage historically began with the property stuff, moved on to children, and ended with love. In short,  they'd learn that nothing, neither good nor bad, has to stay the same way forever.

Although by evening my reign would be over, many of them would be back for more one day. A passion for history, you see, can grow slowly over the course of a lifetime, as time allows, so that a seed planted in childhood becomes a flowering tree in retirement.

And why is this tree a good tree? Well, one branch represents skills. Being a historian, if only for the day, teaches you useful things like judgment, and the ability to detect when someone is lying to you. Understanding the past also has the benefit of making you feel different: more open, more like a tiny grain of sand on an enormous beach of time. But the third branch is perhaps the most beautiful of all, because it is adorned with the foliage of fun. When they travel to the past, family members meet afresh, old friends are reunited, there' s something new to talk about.

Futile escapism, my detractors will sniff, what a waste of time to spend a day in never-never land. But just as travellers to distant lands bring back strange things, these visitors to the past will come home with valuable items that are not too plentiful in modern life: toleration, a sense of perspective, and a memory of a time that was fun and free from fear.

Lucy Worsley is a historian and presenter of Britain's Tudor Treasure, on BBC2 at 9pm tonight.the botched South Stream project to the upgrade of Blue Stream.

In the long run, Ankara would also like to move away from dependence on Russia and tap into new gas flowing from Azerbaijan - via the Trans Anatolian Natural Gas Pipeline (TANAP) coming onstream in 2019 - Northern Iraq, Iran and, should a solution be reached on the Cyprus Issue, the Eastern Mediterranean. The AKP government has helped decrease imports from Russia to 57 percent of the overall volume, but in absolute terms, consumption in an expanding economy like Turkey's is only going higher. Luckily, the plummeting prices of oil have come as a huge bonus to the government, reducing Turkey's bill and improving the balance of payments vis-a-vis Russia.

What Turkey is offering in exchange is neutrality in Putin's confrontation with the West. Ankara has a lot of reasons to be unhappy about the annexation of Crimea, home to a large Tatar community which views Turkey as a kin state, and about the frozen conflict in Eastern Ukraine. Yet,  unlike all other members of NATO, it has declined to join the sanctions imposed on Russia (imports of Turkish poultry and seafood have rocketed since).

The strategic value of Turkey's neutrality has only gone up after Putin found himself shouldered as