Time for my take now. Whose telling the truth? It's not like Hollywood types like Sony are adversaries of President Obama but they're telling two different stories right now.

On Friday during this show, the president said he wished Sony execs had reached out to him to discuss the cyber-attack or vandalism, as he calls it, before they decided to pull the movie the interview from theaters. But just a few hours later  ... the Sony CEO said in fact he had contacted Senior White House officials to discuss what the government though they should do.

So, I ask you today, which one is it? Could it be that any senior white house advisor would not have relayed the message to the president that they'd heard from Sony?

We were reporting all last week that the president was receiving daily updates and holding daily meetings about the North Korea cyber crisis. Seems implausible that could have slipped through the cracks.

So now the president says he'll weigh the options presented to him about what to do about North Korea. If trying to bring down an entire Hollywood company like Sony is only vandalism -- what would actually constitute an attack? Because rest assured -- unfortunately - I don't think this attack won' t be the last.

Gretchen Carlson currently serves as anchor of FOX News Channel's (FNC) The Real Story with Gretchen Carlson (weekdays 2-3PM/ET). She joined the network in June of 2005. Click here for more information on Gretchen Carlson.een remade, it's a time when we celebrate the incarnation of love, light, and life - the hope of a better day, a better life, a better world.

Merry Christmas!d States all by themselves. They ended up living in Southern California.

High-spirited, Titi liked to party and, one day at a dance, she met a tall, handsome ladies' man named Guadalupe Armendariz. Born in Guadalajara, Mexico, he himself liked to drink and have fun. He didn't go to church. He didn't believe in God.

When Titi was 28, she married Guadalupe, who by then owned a shoe repair shop in Saticoy, California. When they had children - starting with Betty (my mom), Carlos, and Yolanda - Titi gave up partying and began attending a Pentecostal church. It infuriated my grandfather, who demanded that she stop indulging in such religious mumbo-jumbo.

She didn't obey.

When Carlos was seven, he was stricken with polio and eventually couldn't walk. One day, out of desperation, Titi invited the minister and people from her church to come to the house and pray for healing. My grandfather was not happy; he wanted my grandmother to take Carlos to the Children's Hospital in Los Angeles for treatment. But that day, he witnessed something he couldn't believe nor explain.

After the praying was done, Carlos immediately stood straight up and from that day onward was no longer paralyzed. My grandfather, seeing it happen with his own eyes, fell to his knees. He was never the same man again.

My grandfather stopped drinking and partying and began attending church. In 1932, the entire family  - my grandpa included - were baptized.

Not long afterwards, the family moved to Azusa, California, where my grandfather felt called to become a minister. With the help of his young sons  - Titi and he ended up having eight children: four boys, four girls - he built a church with his own hands, using materials he collected from around the neighborhood. It's still standing. Years later, Grandpa Lupe's ministry was so successful his sermons were broadcast on the radio.

By and by, he accepted an invitation from my paternal grandfather - Dr  Miguel Guillen, after whom I'm named - to join the Latin American Council of Christian Churches (LACCC), of which Grandpa Guillen was president. Later,  Titi stepped up and founded a sister organization - the Pro-Seminario  - to raise funds for the LACCC's fledgling seminary.

Just two weeks ago, in Galveston, Texas, I had the honor of preaching at the biennial convention of the LACCC. At ninety-one, it's the oldest, independent, Spanish-speaking Pentecostal organization in the country, with h