Ransomware is malware designed to lock computers by encrypting data
The US government has announced a reward of up to $10 million (roughly Rs. 74.6 crores) for information that results in the arrest of people behind ransomware attacks on critical American infrastructure. The reward will be given under the State Department's Rewards for Justice (RFJ) programme. However, it is for the first time that a federal US agency has added cryptocurrency as a payout option. The department also said that the programme has set up a Dark Web (Tor-based) channel for reporting tips to protect the safety and security of potential sources.
The move has come at a time when the US is facing increasing ransomware attacks. In May, a hacker group crippled the country's biggest gasoline pipeline between Houston and New Jersey. The FBI blamed DarkSide, which some claim may be based in Russia or Eastern Europe, for the attack.
The State Department said that the reward is for information on cyber criminals “acting at the direction or under the control of a foreign government” to intentionally cause damage to a protected computer. “Protected computers include not only US government and financial institution computer systems, but also those used in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce or communication,” it added in a statement.
The department added that the programme is also working with inter-agency partners to enable the “possible relocation of and payment of rewards to sources. Reward payments may include payments in cryptocurrency.”
The detailed information about the reward offer can be accessed here.
Ransomware is malware designed to lock computers by encrypting data. The people behind these attacks demand payment to let institutions of individuals regain access to their computers. The ransom demand may vary depending on the size of the system being held hostage and the group behind the attack, cyber experts say. However, hackers have made millions in recent years attacking manufacturers, hospitals, schools and even local schools.
The RFJ programme is being run through the Diplomatic Security Service.
In recent months, US President Joe Biden has raised ransomware attacks forcefully with Russian President Vladimir Putin, and the White House has stepped up efforts to curb the malicious activity.
For the latest tech news and reviews, follow Gadgets 360 on Twitter, Facebook, and Google News. For the latest videos on gadgets and tech, subscribe to our YouTube channel.
Advertisement
06:09 
05:26 
04:03 
09:19 
09:31 
Advertisement
one or sticking out her tongue or making a sad face  -- acting -- and then snapping a photo. And these images are then sent not only to her supposed "friends," who may number in the hundreds, but also to her unconscious mind  -- reinforcing the idea that she is what her cellphone records her to be. Take away the cellphone and, in some measure, she believes she disappears. She feels she dies a little bit, or more than a little bit, psychologically.

The business of selling "selfie sticks" -- telescoping rods that hold a cellphone far enough away to facilitate a really good shot -- is robust enough to make many retailers place large kiosks of them near the checkout register. Cellphones, you might say, are growing arms. Ours apparently aren't long enough.

This is just the beginning. Cellphones will soon be able to determine whether you are looking at the content on their screens, rather than looking away. They will demand attention. The extent to which we own them versus them owning us will be increasingly in doubt.

Make no mistake: While technology can be good when harnessed for the good (raising money for charity occurs to me), there will be hell to pay for giving so little thought to the downside. That downside likely includes an epidemic of narcissism in young people, increased rates of anxiety and dramatically decreased feelings of autonomy. Because to the extent that one's self-image is outsourced to a mobile device, it is no more deeply rooted than that.

Bill Hemmer and Mart