Poly Network has got most of money back from ‘Mr White Hat’ and offered him $500,000 ‘bug bounty’ 
Find your bookmarks in your Independent Premium section, under my profile
A cryptocurrency firm that had $610m stolen from it has offered the hacker responsible a job as the company’s chief security adviser.
Poly Network also proposed giving “Mr White Hat” a $500,000 “bug bounty” to return the hacked cryptocurrency, as well as inviting them to work for the company.
“Poly Network no intention of holding #mrwhitehat legally responsible and cordially invites him to be our Chief Security Adviser. $500,000 bounty is on the way. Whatever #mrwhitehat  chooses to do with the bounty in the end, we have no objections,” the company tweeted.
A bug bounty rewards “friendly” hackers who demonstrate security vulnerabilities in a company’s systems or software, while “White Hat” is a term for someone who hacks for ethical reasons.
Poly Network said that the hacker did not accept the bounty but may give it to the technical community who have worked on blockchain security.
The platform publicly revealed the huge hack on 10 August and asked for the money to be returned to them.
That process began the next day with the money being slowly returned to the company, which said that it had seen all but $33m in frozen Tether coins given back.
But more than $200m of the funds was left by the hacker in a locked account that required a password to access it, which they still have not received.
“We have made constant efforts to establish an understanding with Mr. White Hat and genuinely hope that Mr. White Hat will transfer the private keys as soon as possible so that we can return full asset control back to the users at the earliest,” the company said on Twitter.
And they added: “Again, it is important to reiterate that Poly Network has no intention of holding Mr. White Hat legally responsible, as we are confident that Mr. White Hat will promptly return full control of the assets to Poly Network and its users. 
“As we have stated in previous announcements and encrypted messages that have been made public, we are grateful for Mr. White Hat’s outstanding contribution to Poly Network’s security enhancements.”
The hacker later said that they took the money “to keep it safe” after spotting a bug and that they intended to show Poly Network’s vulnerability.
The firm says that it has now created a patch to fix the security issue.
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies
The crypto market has entered a period of consolidation at the start of July
Getty Images
Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.
Log in
New to The Independent?
Want an ad-free experience?Subscribe to Independent Premium.

e pressure that those who make a positive difference are working under, as rates of mental illness increase continually. Let me show how so little can make such a big difference.

If Nick Clegg is serious about mental health then he needs to show it. It's great that he has decided that we need to aim for zero suicides but I wonder, what was the aim before this? Just a few suicides? A hundred? Shouldn't the aim always have been zero? The likes of Calm, Mind, The Samaritans and everyone else, are doing incredible work but it shouldn't be left to them to do it all alone. They can only work with the limited resources they have. They need supporting and backing. We need to put faces and voices to genuine experiences. Speaking out about dealing with depression shouldn't be considered a "brave" act; it shouldn't be an extraordinary or unusual story to read. It should be common. It should be accepted. It should be normal. But while we live in a society that doesn't know how to deal with it, and perhaps does not want to deal with it, we cannot expect people to talk openly about such private matters.

Much focus is placed on those who are suffering, and rightly so, b