Sum may be awarded in cryptocurrency to help protect whistleblowers’ anonymity

US authorities are offering up to $10 million in cryptocurrency for information leading to the identification of state-sponsored cyber-attackers.
Under the scheme, which takes place under the Department of State’s Rewards for Justice (RFJ) program, payouts will be awarded for the identity or location of anyone who, “while acting at the direction or under the control of a foreign government, participates in malicious cyber activities against US critical infrastructure in violation of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA)”.
A press release states that violations include threats made during ransomware attacks, unauthorized access to a protected computer with intention to steal sensitive data, and intentionally causing damage without authorization to a protected computer.

RELATED CFAA: What the ‘landmark’ Van Buren ruling means for security researchers
The program has set up a reporting channel accessible on the dark web to help protect the safety and security of potential sources.
“Reward payments may include payments in cryptocurrency,” said the Department of State.
More information on how to access the Tor-based reporting channel can be found in the release.


The offer of a reward comes as the US continues to experience cyber-attacks against critical infrastructure that have caused chaos across the nation.
In May this year, a ransomware attack on gas supplier Colonial Pipeline cut off services to multiple states on the east coast.
Attackers leveraging DarkSide malware demanded $4.3 million in bitcoin – a sum that was reportedly paid out by the company.
Security professionals previously told The Daily Swig that in paying ransoms, organizations risk perpetuating a “feedback loop of malicious activity” that “allows the groups to achieve a greater level of sophistication during their next attacks, whether that be via training, new tooling, purchasing credentials, or recruitment”.
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE Analysis: Colonial Pipeline’s $5m ransomware payment risks perpetuating cybercrime ‘feedback loop’


Jessica Haworth



@JesscaHaworth 

Burp Suite
Vulnerabilities
Customers
Company
Insights
© 2021 PortSwigger Ltd.
en



@jleyden 

Burp Suite
Vulnerabilities
Customers
Company
Insights
© 2021 PortSwigger Ltd.
5 months of data from Dropbox’s enterprise network, composed of more than 780 million login events that included 326 simulated attacks by a red team.
The tool was able to detect 94.5% of attacks while producing eight times fewer false alarms than other lateral movement detection tools.
While there’s much excitement in the security industry about using deep learning to detect network intrusions, the developers of Hopper used basic statistical models and very simple rules to filter out benign login paths and identify suspicious activity.
READ MORE Machine learning security vulnerabilities are a growing threat to the web, report highlights
“We are using a more manual anomaly detection approach, that blends manual rules with statistical anomaly detection,” Grant Ho, Ph.D. candidate in computer science, UC Berkeley, a member of the research team that developed Hooper, told The Daily Swig.
“There is a lot of excitement about deep learning right now, but for security purposes where you have extreme class imbalances and no labeled data, deep learning is often the wrong tool to use.”
Ho said that while Hopper has been trained on data from the Dropbox network, it should work just as well for other organizations because the basic rules of lateral movement remain consistent across enterprise networks and different attacks.
“Each new enterprise should train Hopper on their own network's data, but unlike traditional machine learning models Hopper doesn't have any hyper-parameters that need tuning; an organization only needs to specify how many alerts for lateral movement it would like to see, and the rest of Hopper can run without parameter tuning,” he said.
Ho