Sean Lyngaas
A 38-year-old Ohio man has pleaded guilty to his role in a cryptocurrency laundering service that moved some $300 million on behalf of dark web marketplaces and other clients, the Justice Department said Wednesday.
Larry Dean Harmon admitted to running Helix, a popular service for concealing the source of bitcoin transactions, from 2014 to 2017. Helix allegedly worked with AlphaBay, a notorious $1 billion marketplace for hacking tools and drugs that security researchers recently warned could be coming back online.
Harmon faces up to 20 years in prison and a $500,000 fine, according to the Justice Department.
A lawyer for Harmon could not be reached for comment.
As part of his plea deal, Harmon agreed to forfeit more than $200 million in bitcoin. After a multi-year investigation of Helix, U.S. law enforcement arrested Harmon in his hometown of Akron in February, 2020. The U.S. Treasury’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network has also levied $60 million in civil penalties against Harmon for allegedly violating the Bank Secrecy Act, which requires money service businesses to take anti-laundering measures.
As law enforcement agencies get better at tracing cryptocurrency, such laundering services have grown in importance. Police have responded by cracking down on illicit enterprises like Helix.
In April, U.S. federal agents arrested the alleged operator of another laundering service, Bitcoin Fog, which reportedly washed digital money for AlphaBay and SilkRoad, another big name in the dark-web business before it was shut down.
The cases highlight how U.S. law enforcement agents surreptitiously monitor dark web forums and the laundering services that cater to them. In both cases, an undercover FBI or IRS agent solicited services from Helix and Bitcoin Fog in an effort to track the operations.
The impetus for tracking and seizing cryptocurrency assets of accused cybercriminals has only increased since the May ransomware attack on major fuel provider Colonial Pipeline. The Justice Department recovered $2.3 million of the $4.4 million worth of cryptocurrency that Colonial Pipeline paid a criminal enterprise known as DarkSide.
ers, was actually accessed. The insurer is providing two years credit monitoring and identity protection services to anyone whose information was accessible, a standard practice in data breach incidents.
 networks as well as energy, banking, transport and communication grids.,  While India has a strong information technology sector in the civilian arena, cyber-warfare capabilities have been ignored for far too long. The cyber domain has fast emerged as the fifth dimension of warfare after land, sea, air and space.,  Gen Rawat, on his part, said integrating civil and military technological efforts was the way forward towards self-reliance. India should evolve “a whole of nation approach” towards national security by inducting new technologies and integrating resources within the armed forces as well as with the civilian infrastructure outside.,  The “contracting envelope” of the defence budget makes it imperative to create dual-use infrastructure through civil-military fusion. India, for instance, must examine the feasibility of integrating civil and military airports to strengthen aviation safety, airspace management and combat support capabilities, he said.,  Similarly, civilian satellites for remote sensing, reconnaissance, communications and navigation must also have built-in military encryptions. Construction of communication towers and electricity infrastructure as well as rail, roads, bridges and tunnels in border states must also be done with specifications that facilitate utilization by the armed forces as well, he said.e of the coronavirus pandemic.
 Tripura Police books Abhishek Banerjee, other top TMC leaders for 'obstructing police duty'
 Users under 18 can now request Google to remove their images from Google Search 
 Rafael Nadal out of Toronto Masters because of foot injury
 Mumbai court rejects Raj Kundra's pre-arrest bail plea in Nov 2020 case
 Kerala co