Image for Representation.
The overall number of Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks during the first three months of this year have seen a significant spike in attacks on educational websites as millions joined online classes during the pandemic, a new report claimed on Saturday. The increased demand in online resources was noted by cyber attackers, who conducted attacks on the most vital digital services or those that are growing in popularity.
"This can be due to the fact that Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) actors are taking advantage of the current situation when people are locked down in their homes and are heavily reliant on digital resources," according to the report from cybersecurity firm Kaspersky.
The coronavirus pandemic, beginning in the first quarter of 2020, has caused almost all activities – be it learning, work, or leisure – to shift online. Previously most attacks were conducted against the public-facing resources of companies. "We now see that DDoS attacks target internal infrastructure elements, for example, corporate VPN gateways or email servers," said Alexey Kiselev, Business Development Manager on the Kaspersky DDoS Protection team. The US government's Department of Health and Human Services, a group of hospitals in Paris, and servers of an online game were all targets of DDoS attacks in February and March.
Kaspersky's Q1 2020 DDoS attacks report also revealed notable growth in attacks on educational resources and cities' official websites. In Q1 2020, this number tripled compared to the same period in 2019. The share of such attacks amounted to 19 percent of the total number of incidents in Q1 2020. In general, the total amount of DDoS attacks in Q1 2020 has increased as well. During this period, Kaspersky DDoS Protection detected and blocked double the amount of attacks than in Q4 2019, and 80 percent more in comparison with Q1 2019. The average duration of attacks also grew as in Q1 this year, a DDoS attack lasted 25 percent longer than in Q1 2019.
 on cybersecurity aspects." 
Use of information technology by banks has grown rapidly and is now an important part of the operational strategy of banks. In October 2018, the RBI had issued a circular prescribing basic cybersecurity controls for all the UCBs.
nd regret any concern or inconvenience this incident may cause.”
The breach has raised eyebrows for the sheer quantity and sensitivity of the data involved.
As software consultant Allen Holub points out on Twitter: “Why does the HR system need passport numbers or the password to your bank account? I can’t imagine a scenario where that sort of information should be stored in an HR system.”
And, says security pro Troy Hunt: “Time to just start life again when that much personal data is leaked.”
This article has been updated to include comment from Waste Management Resources.
YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE International cybercrime gang charged with Covid-19 business email compromise fraud


Emma Woollacott



@EmmaWoollacott 

Burp Suite
Vulnerabilities
Customers
Company
Insights
© 2021 PortSwigger Ltd.
mpanies and vaccine researchers in Canada, France, India, South Korea and the US, and came from Strontium, an actor originating from Russia, and two bad actors originating from North Korea called Zinc and Cerium.
In one of the biggest attacks in the Indian healthcare sector, Dr Reddy's Laboratories confirmed a ransomware attack this year.
There are no signs that these attacks will slow down in any manner in the coming year which only underline the importance of strengthening the cyberspace with greater security with new tools and policies.
he discovery of the unspecified malware variant remains unsubstantiated. However, this disclosure provides additional evidence suggesting the coordinated targeting of Indian Load Dispatch Centres.”
Red Echo, the Chinese group behind the intrusion, was described by Reported Future as having clear overlaps – in terms of both the technologies it hires and the victims it targets – with other organisations, 