File photo of Australian PM Scott Morrison.
Australia is under increasing cyberattack from a "sophisticated state-based cyber actor," the Australian prime minister said Friday.
Prime Minister Scott Morrison would not name the state, and he said he made the growing threat public to raise awareness.
"Australian organizations are currently being targeted by a sophisticated state-based cyber actor," Morrison told reporters.
"This activity is targeting Australian organizations across a range of sectors, including all levels of government, industry, political organizations, education, health, essential service providers and operators of other critical infrastructure," he
added.
Although the threat was constant, the frequency of attacks had increased "over many months."
"This is the actions of a state-based actor with significant capabilities. There aren't too many state-based actors who have those capabilities," Morrison said.
Morrison said he particularly wanted organizations involved in health, critical infrastructure and essential services to bolster technical defenses to thwart such malicious attacks.
Defense Minister Linda Reynolds said the government's cyber agency, Australian Cyber Security Center, and the Home Affairs Department had published on Friday a technical advisory on how organizations can detect and mitigate cyber threats.
Morrison would not comment on the inevitable speculation that the cyberattacks were part of Australia's increasingly hostile rift with China.
China in recent weeks banned beef exports from Australia's largest abattoirs, ended trade in Australian barley with a tariff wall and warned its citizens against visiting Australia.
The measures are widely interpreted as punishment for Australia's advocacy of an independent probe into the origins and spread of the coronavirus pandemic.
Australia's foreign minister this week accused China of using the anxiety around the pandemic to undermine Western democracies by spreading disinformation online, prompting China to accuse Australia of disinformation.
Morrison said "Australia doesn't engage lightly in public attribution" and would not name the country behind the current cyber campaign.
"I can't control what speculation others might engage in on this issue," he said.
Morrison said he had discussed the growing cyber security threat with Australia's allies and had spoken overnight to British Prime Minister Boris Johnson on the subject.
Australian investigations to date had not uncovered any "large-scale personal data breaches," Morrison said.
Australian cyber security authorities had "thwarted many" attacks," he said.
ould be stored in an HR system.”
And, says security pro Troy Hunt: “Time to just start life again when that much personal data is leaked.”
This article has been updated to include comment from Waste Management Resources.
YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE International cybercrime gang charged with Covid-19 business email compromise fraud


Emma Woollacott



@EmmaWoollacott 

Burp Suite
Vulnerabilities
Customers
Company
Insights
© 2021 PortSwigger Ltd.
mpanies and vaccine researchers in Canada, France, India, South Korea and the US, and came from Strontium, an actor originating from Russia, and two bad actors originating from North Korea called Zinc and Cerium.
In one of the biggest attacks in the Indian healthcare sector, Dr Reddy's Laboratories confirmed a ransomware attack this year.
There are no signs that these attacks will slow down in any manner in the coming year which only underline the importance of strengthening the cyberspace with greater security with new tools and policies.
he discovery of the unspecified malware variant remains unsubstantiated. However, this disclosure provides additional evidence suggesting the coordinated targeting of Indian Load Dispatch Centres.”
Red Echo, the Chinese group behind the intrusion, was described by Reported Future as having clear overlaps – in terms of both the technologies it hires and the victims it targets – with other organisations, 