Nearly 30 top US prosecutors had their office's email accounts hacked during a major breach last year, the Justice Department says.
The attack on users of the software SolarWinds - which the US has blamed on Russia - was the worst-ever cyber-espionage attack on the US government.
The department says 27 US attorneys had at least one office computer hacked.
That has raised fears the hackers may have accessed sensitive information, including the names of informants.
"It's potentially very serious," Gil Soffer, a former federal prosecutor, told the BBC.
He said prosecutors' emails contain "very sensitive, very confidential and often very secret information".
If the hackers got hold of secret informants' identities, they could use the information to "blow their cover," he added.
The hack, which gave cyber-criminals potential access to 18,000 government and private computer networks, was made public last December.
Those hit by the breach include 80% of Microsoft email accounts used by employees at the four New York's attorney offices - which handle some of the most prominent prosecutions in the country.
"There are very sensitive investigations going on within those offices," former federal prosecutor Renato Mariotti said.
They include many high-profile financial investigations, which means any leaked information could be used for blackmail or extortion, he said.
The department says hackers compromised the accounts as early as May 2020 - some seven months before the SolarWinds hack was made public.
The department said all victims had been notified and it is working to mitigate "operational, security and privacy risks" caused by the hack. 
It did not reveal what kind of information had been taken.
In April, US President Joe Biden's administration announced sanctions against Russia in response to the SolarWinds breach and other cyber attacks. 
Russia has denied any wrongdoing.
But Mr Mariotti warned that if a foreign government got hold of sensitive legal files, it could try to use them to shape public debate or influence elections.
"There are all sorts of reasons why a foreign government might want to have that kind of information," he said.
SolarWinds: Why the Sunburst hack matters
Russia hacking claims pose challenge for Biden
China accused of cyber-attack on Microsoft
Taliban 'carrying out door-to-door manhunt'
ith Australia's allies and had spoken overnight to British Prime Minister Boris Johnson on the subject.
Australian investigations to date had not uncovered any "large-scale personal data breaches," Morrison said.
Australian cyber security authorities had "thwarted many" attacks," he said.
ould be stored in an HR system.”
And, says security pro Troy Hunt: “Time to just start life again when that much personal data is leaked.”
This article has been updated to include comment from Waste Management Resources.
YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE International cybercrime gang charged with Covid-19 business email compromise fraud


Emma Woollacott



@EmmaWoollacott 

Burp Suite
Vulnerabilities
Customers
Company
Insights
© 2021 PortSwigger Ltd.
mpanies and vaccine researchers in Canada, France, India, South Korea and the US, and came from Strontium, an actor originating from Russia, and two bad actors originating from North Korea called Zinc and Cerium.
In one of the biggest attacks in the Indian healthcare sector, Dr Reddy's Laboratories confirmed a ransomware attack this year.
There are no signs that these attacks will slow down in any manner in the coming year which only underline the importance of strengthening the cyberspace with greater security with new tools and policies.
he discovery of the unspecified malware variant remains unsubstantiated. However, this disclosure provides additional evidence suggesting the coordinated targeting of Indian Load Dispatch Centres.”
Red Echo, the Chinese group behind the intrusion, was described by Reported Future as having clear overlaps – in terms of both the technologies it hires and the victims it targets – with other organisations, 