 McDonald’s has become the latest company to be hit by a data breach after unauthorized activity on its network exposed the personal data of some customers in South Korea and Taiwan.
 McDonald’s Corp. said Friday that it quickly identified and contained the incident and that a thorough investigation was done.
 “While we were able to close off access quickly after identification, our investigation has determined that a small number of files were accessed, some of which contained personal data,” the Chicago-based burger chain said.
 McDonald’s said its investigation determined that only South Korea and Taiwan had customer personal data accessed, and that they would be taking steps to notify regulators and also the customers who may be affected. No customer payment information was exposed.
 McDonald’s said it will look at the investigation’s findings, coupled with input from security resources, to identify ways to further enhance its existing security measures.
 Businesses across various sectors are being targeted by cybercriminals, including some very high profile cases in recent weeks. On Wednesday, JBS, the world’s largest meat processing company, revealed that it had paid the equivalent of $11 million to hackers who broke into its computer system last month.
 And Colonial Pipeline, which transports about half of the fuel consumed on the East Coast, last month paid a ransom of 75 bitcoin — then valued at roughly $4.4 million — in hopes of getting its system back online. On Monday the Justice Department announced that it had recovered most of the ransom payment.
CONNECT
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
COMPANY INFO
 Copyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune 
an men
'Everything I ever thought I would have is gone'
'I transformed my disability into a super-ability' Video'I transformed my disability into a super-ability'
The treacherous road to Kabul's airport
What's behind the rising gun violence in the US? VideoWhat's behind the rising gun violence in the US?
OnlyFans: How it handles illegal sex videos
Weekly quiz: Ice-cream vans and rude place names
Aaliyah: 'Her influence is absolutely everywhere'
How virtual reality helps to recruit and train staff
BBC Future: Which hand gestures will disappear?
Lyrics quiz
Have you been getting these songs wrong?
Feeling hot
What happens to your body in extreme heat?
Taliban 'tortured and massacred' Afghan men1
Taliban 'carrying out door-to-door manhunt'2
Afghan footballer falls to death from US plane3
OnlyFans: How it handles illegal sex videos4
BHP sacked 48 over sexual misconduct at mines5
Sydney extends lockdown and imposes curfew6
Afghanistan: Danger lies on Kabul road to freedom7
Kill Bill actor Sonny Chiba dies of Covid at 828
OnlyFans to ban sexually explicit content9
China formally passes three-child policy10
© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
ho are currently unvaccinated against the virus.
"You've got an entire population wanting the pandemic to end. They're more likely to click on that," he says. "I think that companies should proactively consider that it's a really good time to invest in training to work through these kinds of scenarios."
The consequences of such phishing attacks can often be dire. While global multinationals may be able to recover from substantial losses, cyber-attacks can be catastrophic for both small businesses and individuals.
In November 2020, a Sydney-based hedge fund collapsed after a senior executive clicked on a fraudulent Zoom invitation. The company - Levitas Capital - reportedly lost $8.7m to the cyber-attack and was forced to close.
"The hackers were able to access their systems, sending out multiple fraudulent invoices, and the damage was so great that their largest client pulled out of a planned multi-million-dollar investment," says Tony Pepper, the co-founder of security firm Egress. "With enough pressure, businesses will fold."
Now, with many employers demanding workers return to the office at least part-time