Toshiba image used for representation (Image: Reuters)
A unit of Toshiba Corp was hit by a ransomware attack, overshadowing an announcement of a strategic review for the conglomerate and an upbeat profit forecast. Toshiba, which makes point-of-sale systems and copiers, said had been hacked by DarkSide, the group the US FBI has blamed for the Colonial Pipeline attack, its French subsidiary said. It said only a minimal amount of work data had been lost. Reuters could not access DarkSide’s public-facing website on Friday. Security researchers said DarkSide’s multiple websites had stopped being accessible.
Ransomware attacks have increased in number and amount of demands, with hackers encrypting data and seeking payment in cryptocurrency to unlock it. They increasingly release stolen data as well or threaten to unless they are paid more. Investigators in the US Colonial case say the attack software was distributed by DarkSide, which includes Russian speakers and avoids hacking targets in the former Soviet Union. DarkSide lets “affiliates" hack into targets elsewhere, then handles the ransom negotiation and data release.
Separately Toshiba Corp, which has had to grapple with a series of scandals over the past several years, said it was setting up a strategic review committee to consider ways to increase corporate value and had appointed UBS as a financial adviser. The move follows a $20 billion offer from CVC Capital to take the conglomerate private that Toshiba has said lacked substance. CVC had said it would retain management and the offer was perceived by some in the company as designed to shield former CEO Nobuaki Kurumatani from activist shareholders. The company has since faced calls from leading shareholders to explicitly seek offers from potential suitors and conduct a strategic review.
Sources have said some other private equity investors such as KKR & Co Inc and Bain Capital are also interested in Toshiba. The Asahi newspaper reported on Friday that Bain Capital is not considering buying Toshiba, citing an interview with Yuji Sugimoto, the Japan head for Bain Capital. Toshiba on Friday forecast a hefty 63 percent rise in annual operating profit to 170 billion yen ($1.6 billion) after pandemic-induced pain in the last year and as restructuring measures bear fruit. For the year just ended, Toshiba posted a 20 percent slide in operating profit to 104.4 billion yen.
Colonial Pipeline Hacked: CEO Blount Confirms Company Paid $4.4 Million in Ransom to Hackers
Hacker Group DarkSide Suspected of Carrying Cyber Attack on Top US Pipeline Operator Colonial
Read all the Latest News, Breaking News and Coronavirus News here
n the last six monthsPhoto Credit: Check Point
 
The firm also predicted that the ongoing growth of ransomware attacks would continue to grow bigger. This may come despite governments including the Joe Biden Administration in the US making it a priority to limit ransomware targeting. Hackers are expected to evolve and new groups could be formed to boost ransomware attacks.
Alongside ransomware attacks, Check Point predicted that man-in-the-middle attacks where hackers gain access to compromised networks and customise attacks will grow. The growth in cyberattacks is also expected to increase collateral damage on affected organisations and requires special security strategy to stay protected.
The complete security report with additional insights is available for download through the Check Point site. You need to create an account with the firm to download the report.
For the latest tech news and reviews, follow Gadgets 360 on Twitter, Facebook, and Google News. For the latest videos on gadgets and tech, subscribe to our YouTube channel.
Advertisement
06:09 
05:26 
04:03 
09:19 
09:31 
Advertisement
g,” said Oliver, pointing to videos of Russian hacking group “Evil Corp” obstructing traffic with donuts by a Lamborghini (license plate, in Russian: “thief”), posing with stacks of cash and stroking a pet lion cub.
“There’s actually a reason that those hackers felt so comfor