File photo of Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad. (Image: Network18)
New Delhi: While the government has been saying that India has not been impacted by the global attack by the ransomware ‘WannaCry’, a top officer struggled to draw money from ATMs post the attack.
The officer, who is a key player in the security apparatus, said he could not withdraw money for two days in a row when he visited his home state over the weekend. 
I visited 5-6 ATMs over the weekend in Udaipur and could not withdraw money. Later I read in some papers about the malware attack and realised why the ATMs were unable to dispense money," he told CNN-News18.
However, Minister for Information and Technology Ravi Shankar Prasad has said that India has not been majorly impacted by the ransomware attack. 
Speaking to CNN-News18, Ravishankar Prasad said, "There is no major impact in India unlike other foreign countries. We are keeping a close watch. As per the information received so far, there have been isolated incidents in limited areas in Kerala and Andhra Pradesh."
Prasad said that an advisory for this kind of virus attack had been issued on March 15th and steps to guard against such attack has been put in place since then. Prasad reviewed the security mechanism with his ministry officials after news of the ransomware attack came. He said the NIC system, on which most government portals are hosted, was secure and running smoothly. Additional steps are being taken to make the IT system full proof.
Meanwhile, some ATMs across the country are facing a shutdown after the malware attack. The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines to banks to update the Windows software on which ATMs are run as ransomware could have affected windows.
Government officials said critical networks across sectors like banking, telecom, power and aviation are on high alert to ensure that systems are protected against the report of cyber-attack on India's vital networks by the crippling global ransomware, 'WannaCry'.
onsidering buying Toshiba, citing an interview with Yuji Sugimoto, the Japan head for Bain Capital. Toshiba on Friday forecast a hefty 63 percent rise in annual operating profit to 170 billion yen ($1.6 billion) after pandemic-induced pain in the last year and as restructuring measures bear fruit. For the year just ended, Toshiba posted a 20 percent slide in operating profit to 104.4 billion yen.
Colonial Pipeline Hacked: CEO Blount Confirms Company Paid $4.4 Million in Ransom to Hackers
Hacker Group DarkSide Suspected of Carrying Cyber Attack on Top US Pipeline Operator Colonial
Read all the Latest News, Breaking News and Coronavirus News here
n the last six monthsPhoto Credit: Check Point
 
The firm also predicted that the ongoing growth of ransomware attacks would continue to grow bigger. This may come despite governments including the Joe Biden Administration in the US making it a priority to limit ransomware targeting. Hackers are expected to evolve and new groups could be formed to boost ransomware attacks.
Alongside ransomware attacks, Check Point predicted that man-in-the-middle attacks where hackers gain access to compromised networks and customise attacks will grow. The growth in cyberattacks is also expected to increase collateral damage on affected organisations and requires special security strategy to stay protected.
The complete security report with additional insights is available for download through the Check Point site. You need to create an account with the firm to download the report.
For the latest tech news and reviews, follow Gadgets 360 on Twitter, Facebook, and Google News. For the latest videos on gadgets and tech, subscribe to our YouTube channel.
Advertisement
06:09 
05:26 
04:03 
09:19 
09:31 
Advertisement
g,” said Oliver, pointing to videos of Russian hacking group “Evil Corp” obstructing traffic with donuts by a Lamborghini (license plate, in Russian: “thief”), posing with stacks of cash and stroking a pet lion cub.
“There’s actually a reason that those hackers felt so comfor