ReverseRAT, a remote access trojan used in major attack projects targeting organizations in South and Central Asia, has received prominent modifications in its capabilities. Called by Black Lotus researchers as ReverseRAT 2.0, the new variant is being used alongside a new agent called NightFury.', 'ReverseRAT 2.0 shows more intrusive capabilities\xa0', 'According to researchers, ', 'ReverseRAT 2.0', ' differs from its predecessors in three main ways.', 'First, it relies on NightFury instead of AlkaKore, an open-source RAT that was used in the previous iteration.', 'Second, the new variant leverages new functionalities and modified command calls related to creating, listing, and deleting registry keys.', 'Third, ReverseRAT 2.0 adds new capabilities to capture photos via webcams from infected machines and to steal files from USB connections.', 'In addition to these, researchers spotted an updated version of the preBotHta loader file that helps threat actors to bypass antivirus products.', 'Other key points', 'The new ReverseRAT 2.0 appears to have targeted organizations in Afghanistan, with a handful in Jordan, India, and Iran.', 'Among the other data collected by the trojan includes MAC address, physical memory on the device, information about the processor, computer name, and IP address.', 'ReverseRAT continues to stride ahead', 'While ReverseRAT 2.0 is emerging as a new threat, the previous iteration continues to see its prominence in sophisticated campaigns.', 'In a recent investigation, Cisco Talos ', 'discovered', ' that the SideCopy cybercriminals had expanded their cyberespionage activities to deploy multiple RATs such as DetaRAT, ReverseRAT, MargulasRAT, and ActionRAT on victims’ computers.', 'In a different incident reported in June, Pakistan-based threat actors had ', 'used', ' the ReverseRAT to infect Windows systems in government and energy organizations in the South and Central Asia regions.', 'Apparently, the intrusion had begun in January 2021 and went undetected for around six months.', 'What to expect in the future?', 'Researchers anticipate more attacks on government and energy organizations in the South and Central Asia regions in the future. Moreover, the discovery of a new NightFury agent used alongside the 2.0 version of ReverseRAT demonstrates the attackers’ rigorous attempt to further evade detection. However, since most of the attacks rely on phishing emails as a part of the initial infection vector, organizations should take proactive measures in detecting such emails web clients, and operating systems.
There are two types of intrusion attacks you can detect using data mining methods:
To detect host-based attacks, you need to analyze features extracted from programs, while to detect network-based attacks, you need to analyze network traffic. And just like with malware detection, you can look for either anomalous behavior or cases of misuse.
You can detect various types of fraud using data mining techniques, from financial fraud to telecommunications fraud and computer intrusions. Fraudulent activities can be detected with the help of supervised and unsupervised learning.
With supervised learning, all available records are classified as either fraudulent or non-fraudulent. This classification is then used for training a model to detect possible fraud. The main drawback of this method is its inability to detect new types of attacks. Unsupervised learning methods help identify privacy and security issues in data without using statistical analysis.
Using data mining in cyber security lets you
While this list of the benefits is impressive, there are also certain drawbacks you need to know about:
Data mining helps you quickly analyze huge datasets and automatically discover hidden patterns, which is crucial when it comes to creating an effective anti-malware solution that’s able to detect previously unknown threats. However, the final result of using data mining methods always depends on the quality of data you use.
When using data mining in cyber security, it’s crucial to use only qual