In recent years, cyber security has been received interest from several research communities with respect to Intrusion Detection System (IDS). Cyber security is “a fast-growing field demanding a great deal of attention because of remarkable progresses in social networks, cloud and web technologies, online banking, mobile environment, smart grid, etc.” An IDS is a software that monitors a single or a network of computers from malicious activities (attacks). Detecting an intrusion or prevention (due to increase the usage of internet), is becoming a critical issue. In past, several techniques have been proposed to overcome or detect intrusion in a network. But most of the techniques (used now days in detecting IDS) are not able to overcome this problem (in efficient manner).Together this, Machine Learning (ML) also has been adopted in various applications (due to providing good accuracy results (in respective domain)). Hence, this work discusses “How machine learning anddata mining can be used to detect IDS in a network” in near future.ML use efficient methods like classification, regression, etc., with efficient results like high detection rates, lower false alarm rates and less communication costs. mory on the device, information about the processor, computer name, and IP address.', 'ReverseRAT continues to stride ahead', 'While ReverseRAT 2.0 is emerging as a new threat, the previous iteration continues to see its prominence in sophisticated campaigns.', 'In a recent investigation, Cisco Talos ', 'discovered', ' that the SideCopy cybercriminals had expanded their cyberespionage activities to deploy multiple RATs such as DetaRAT, ReverseRAT, MargulasRAT, and ActionRAT on victims’ computers.', 'In a different incident reported in June, Pakistan-based threat actors had ', 'used', ' the ReverseRAT to infect Windows systems in government and energy organizations in the South and Central Asia regions.', 'Apparently, the intrusion had begun in January 2021 and went undetected for around six months.', 'What to expect in the future?', 'Researchers anticipate more attacks on government and energy organizations in the South and Central Asia regions in the future. Moreover, the discovery of a new NightFury agent used alongside the 2.0 version of ReverseRAT demonstrates the attackers’ rigorous attempt to further evade detection. However, since most of the attacks rely on phishing emails as a part of the initial infection vector, organizations should take proactive measures in detecting such emails web clients, and operating systems.
There are two types of intrusion attacks you can detect using data mining methods:
To detect host-based attacks, you need to analyze features extracted from programs, while to detect network-based attacks, you need to analyze network traffic. And just like with malware detection, you can look for either anomalous behavior or cases of misuse.
You can detect various types of fraud using data mining techniques, from financial fraud to telecommunications fraud and computer intrusions. Fraudulent activities can be detected with the help of supervised and unsupervised learning.
With supervised learning, all available records are classified as either fraudulent or non-fraudulent. This classification is then used for training a model to detect possible fraud. The main drawback of this method is its inability to detect new types of attacks. Unsupervised learning methods help identify privacy and security issues in data without using statistical analysis.
Using data mining in cyber security lets you
While this list of the benefits is impressive, there are also certain drawbacks you need to know about:
Data mining helps you quickly analyze huge datasets and automatically discover hidden patterns, which is crucial when it comes to creating an effective anti-malware solution that’s able to detect previously unknown threats. However, the final result of using data mining methods always depends on the quality of data you use.
When using data mining in cyber security, it’s crucial to use only qual