1Central China Normal University, Hubei, China
2University of Aizu, Aizuwakamatsu, Japan
3Xidian University, Xi'an, China
The cyber security techniques have gone through a rapid development in today’s internet connected world. With the wide application of the booming technologies such as the Internet of things (IoT) and cloud computing, huge amount of data is generated and collected. While the data can be used to better serve the corresponding business needs, it also poses big challenges for the cyber security and privacy protection. It becomes difficult to discover the malicious behavior among the big data in real time. Thus, this gives rise to the cyber security solutions which are driven by AI-based technologies, such as machine learning, statistical inference, big data analysis, and deep learning.
AI-driven cyber security analytics has already found its applications in the next generation firewall, automatic intrusion detection system, encrypted traffic identification, malicious software detection and so on. Researchers are now assisted by the AI-driven solution to optimize the algorithm design and reduce the cryptanalysis effort. Also automatic data protection solution based on the deep learning technology starts to appear in academia. On the other hand, individual’s privacy is under threat given the AI-based systems. The rise of AI-enabled cyberattacks is expected to cause an explosion of network penetrations, personal data thefts, and an epidemic-level spread of intelligent computer viruses. This brings the concern to defend AI-driven attacks by using AI-driven techniques, which could possibly lead to an AI arms race. AI-driven security solution is among the fastest growing fields which bring together researchers from multiple areas such as machine learning, statistics, big data analytics, network, and cryptography to fight against the advanced cyber security threats.
This special issue is focused on the cutting-edge research from both academia and industry, with a particular emphasis on the new tools, techniques, concepts, and applications concerning the AI-driven cyber security analytics and privacy protection. Only technical papers describing previously unpublished, original, state-of-the-art research and not currently under review by a conference or a journal will be considered. Extended work must have a significant number of "new and original" contributions along with more than 60% brand "new" material. 
Potential topics include but are not limited to the following:
Article of the Year Award: Outstanding research contributions of 2020, as selected by our Chief Editors. Read the winning articles.
f devices, endpoints and applications, correlating them into single alerts — so you can accelerate incident analysis and remediation.
 Learn more


Orchestrate and automate hundreds of time-consuming, repetitive and complicated response actions that previously required human intervention. IBM Security SOAR is an open and agnostic solution that integrates with your security infrastructure and establishes a central hub for managing your response playbook with speed and agility.
 Learn more


Get cognitive insights, contextual analytics and benchmarking to make sense of security events — while protecting your endpoints, users, apps, docs and data from a single platform. Discover endpoint vulnerabilities and protect corporate data and uphold compliance with containment plus identity and patch management from the industry's first and only AI approach to UEM.
 Learn more


Wimbledon partnered with IBM Security to protect its digital presence from thousands of cyberattacks over the course of the iconic sporting event.
 Read the case study

With financial services as the most-targeted industry, Cargills Bank has taken a proactive approach to safeguarding customers’ data by deploying an AI security solution.
 Read the case study

Environmental firm RGS Nordic uses IBM MaaS360® with Watson to gain 100 percent visibility of hundreds of mobile devices on its work sites.
 Read the case study