A hacker is claiming to have data related to more than 100 million T-Mobile customers in the U.S. and is selling access to part of the information for roughly $277,000.

Motherboard reported on Sunday that the hacker revealed they had the data on an underground forum, although they didn’t specify the information was related to T-Mobile in the post. When contacted by the outlet, the hacker said in an online chat that they had compromised multiple T-Mobile servers and had “full customer info.” They claim the data include social security numbers, phone numbers, names, physical addresses, unique IMEI numbers, and driver license information.

Motherboard said it had seen samples of the data and confirmed they contained accurate information on T-Mobile customers.

On the underground forum, the hacker reportedly stated they were selling a subset of data with 30 million social security numbers and driver licenses for six bitcoin, which total $277,895 at this time, according to Coindesk. The hacker is also selling access to the rest of the data privately.

Related Stories
T-Mobile Lied to Get Its Sprint Merger Approved, California Overseer Says
Poly Network Offers $500,000 Reward to Hacker Who Stole and Then Returned $611 Million in Crypto
Apple Gearing Up for Multiple Events This Fall for iPhone, Mac, and More
T-Mobile appears to have acted against the hacker, although that is unconfirmed at this time.

“I think they already found out because we lost access to the backdoored servers,” the hacker told Motherboard.

Nonetheless, the hacker said they wouldn’t be affected by T-Mobile’s actions because they had already downloaded and backed up the stolen data in multiple places.

T-Mobile told Gizmodo on Sunday that it was investigating the claims.

“We are aware of claims made in an underground forum and have been actively investigating their validity. We do not have any additional information to share at this time,” a T-Mobile spokesperson said.

If confirmed, the breach would deal another cybersecurity blow to the company, which has been hit by multiple attacks that resulted in data breaches in recent years. This past February, T-Mobile said it had been the hacked after an undisclosed number of customers suffered SIM swap attacks. Meanwhile, in December 2020, the company revealed it had suffered a data breach that exposed its customers’ proprietary network information.d Infrastructure Security Agency within 24 hours of their discovery. The bill would grant limited immunity to companies that come forward.

Outdated software exposes municipalities
While ransoms are costly and make news, some towns can struggle to find the time and money for software upgrades and training.

“They may not have the most up-to-date software. They’re vulnerable,” Bruenjes said. “We’re concerned about smaller systems.”

Most hacking attacks come through email, Hussey said. “It can come from the web, but the web browser security is pretty decent right out of the box,” he added. “Email is definitely where we’re seeing that come in.”

Any system that has not been properly patched or updated could be vulnerable, Hussey said. In the case of the most recent attack, “One of them was a desktop computer that was hooked up with the network and one of them was the main computer with Windows 7 that was aligned with the SCADA [supervisory control and data acquisition] system,” Bruenjes said. Leighton said it would cost roughly $10,000 to upgrade the system.

“Training is something lacking in various areas,” Hussey said. “I think that’s a challenge for them in terms of not only budgeting, but simply finding the time for that to happen inside of municipalities.”

There is no specific cybersecurity training requirement in order for someone to obtain a wastewater operators license, said Bruenjes, although the DEP and others offer ongoing training. A variety of federal and state organizations offer assistance to communities, and some funding for equipment and technology upgrades is a