The chips supplied by Realtek are used by almost all well-known manufacturers and can be found in VoIP and wireless routers, repeaters, IP cameras, and smart lighting controls – just to name a few. The list of affected hardware manufacturers includes AsusTEK, Belkin, D-Link, Edimax, Hama, Netgear and many more.

“Our security reseachers have discovered and analyzed this vulnerability, which affects hundreds of thousands of devices. We notified Realtek, and they immediately responded and provided an appropriate patch. Manufacturers using vulnerable Wi-Fi modules are strongly encouraged to check their devices and provide security patches to their users,” said Florian Lukavsky, managing director of IoT Inspector.

Realtek vulnerability: What attackers can do
For an exploit to succeed, an attacker usually needs to be on the same Wi-Fi network. However, faulty ISP configurations also expose numerous vulnerable devices directly to the Internet.

A successful attack would provide full control of the Wi-Fi module, as well as root access to the embedded device’s operating system. In total, a dozen vulnerabilities were found in the chipset.

“There is currently far too little security awareness for devices in these categories – neither among users, nor among manufacturers, who blindly rely on components from other manufacturers in their supply chain without testing them. As a result, these components or products become an unpredictable risk,” warns Lukavsky.

According to Forrester, only 38 percent of enterprise security decision makers worldwide have sufficient policies and tools in place to properly manage IoT devices. Manufacturers are urged to implement guidelines for IoT supply chain security.

Affected versions
More details are available in the Realtek advisory, which lists these versions:

rtl819x-SDK-v3.2.x Series
rtl819x-SDK-v3.4.x Series
rtl819x-SDK-v3.4T Series
rtl819x-SDK-v3.4T-CT Series
rtl819x-eCos-v1.5.x Series
Fixed versions
Realtek SDK branch 2.x: no longer supported by Realtek
Realtek “Jungle” SDK: patches will be provided by Realtek and needs to be backported
Realtek “Luna” SDK: version 1.3.2a contains fixes
CVE IDs
CVE-2021-35392
CVE-2021-35393
CVE-2021-35394
CVE-2021-35395ication environment, where multiple methods of authentication are simultaneously deployed and combined as needed. web to your android device.


Due to syncing services, if a hacker manages to compromise your Google login credentials on their own device, they can then install a message mirroring app directly onto your smartphone. Shutterstock
If an attacker has access to your credentials and manages to log into your Google Play account on a laptop (although you will receive a prompt), they can then install any app they’d like automatically onto your smartphone.

The attack on Android
Our experiments revealed a malicious actor can remotely access a user’s SMS-based 2FA with little effort, through the use of a popular app (name and type withheld for security reasons) designed to synchronise user’s notifications across different devices.

Specifically, attackers can leverage a compromised email/password combination connected to a Google account (such as username@gmail.com) to nefariously install a readily-available message mirroring app on a victim’s smartphone via Google Play.

This is a realistic scenario since it’s common for users to use the same credentials across a variety of services. Using a password manager is an effective way to make your first line of authentication — your username/password login — more secure.

Once the app is installed, the attacker can apply simple social engineering techniques to convince the user to enable the permissions required for the app to function properly.

For example, they may pretend to be calling from a legitimate service provider to persuade the user to enable the permissions. After this they can remotely receive all communications sent to the victim’s phone, including one-time codes used for 2FA.

Although multiple co